# Meeting 160209

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson
* Prasad

Half time presentation
- Machinelearning, how to drive the car, fast if possible
    - Time trials, not competing other players
    - Simplifiy the simulation, not rain and it is completely flat
    - Tyre, fuel effects not considered
    - It let other people understand that we are aware of the issues
    - What is the problem we should solve? What might cause it to crash? Limitations on turning.. Racing line, positioning.
    -  
    - How do we solve the problem? Machinelearning
    - What are the alternatives? Optimisation algorithms? LOOK IN TO IT! Machinelearning is hard, what are the things we could do to cheat?
    
- Problems we've encountered.
- Show the simulator
- 

Progress
- Prasad says that we desperately need to solve a trivial machine learning problem fast. Prasad says that we should shelf the evolution algorithm and narrow the problem down.
- The problem is rather geometric. What research exist in that field? 
- Help the machine training algorithm get started. Possibly give it choices?
- We must always have a demo that succeed. Start with a limited problem. Make it larger as the project go. We can not fail and say that the next thing will solve it. 
- We need to renew our project goals, with clear academic goals. We need to set the goals from the start, not lower the as the project go. It always have to succeed, and a plan to do so. 
- New goal, example: Stay on the road.
- Possible progress: Start with only turning, then add braking, then add acceleration.
- Example goal: let it start to stay on track, count the number of times we need to correct it, and how
- Find ways to get results quickly, and progress in fast steps. Stay in the middle of the road. Drive a straight road. Solve anything we can solve.

About planning
- No plan survives contact with reality.
- Failing to plan is to plan to fail.
- 


