# Meeting 160511

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson
* K.V.S. Prasad

## Agenda

### Language on presentation
If somebody is not active, he should sit down, or stand still.

Do it in the language we are most comfortable. So, Swedish!


### Structure of presentation
Suggestion: Begin with a demo, before any opening remarks. It might also be useful to show us changing something, or it starting to learn. Show the variants that differ most!

Show the neural networks? What do a dumb network look like, what do a smart network look like? How many layers?

Show and tell. Show something on the screen and talk about it.


### Opponering


### Report
Illustrate whenever you can. Just reading, will require quite a lot to keep in mind.

Take turns to proof read. Do it for brief amounts of time until you tire.

Possible to structure bibliography on topics?

Abstract: Remove the first scentence, "This paper ... " 

Introduction, problem: "in theory, could be able to calculate..." Put a little emphasis here.

Prasad likes subsections, even if it is like a  paragraph heading or sentence heading. Can use bold for the first words in the paragraph of a new topic. Guide the eye.

Limitation: "... it will include ..." REMOVE

Comment on the theory section, How many layers do we have in our networks? Describe briefly. Worth making the remark to compare it to matrix topology algorithms where one need to define how many layers should be used.

Decsribe autonomus cars and their supervised learning methods should be included. 

Performing hotlaps using neuro evolution. Title could even be called "Performing hotlaps with NEAT" or neuroevolution. Remove machine larning from the title

Check spelling, use the correct words, grammar.

