#Halftime presentation

K
## K V S Prasad <prasad@chalmers.se>
   Svara alla|
2016-02-22
Daniel Eineving 
Inkorg
This will do. See you tomorrow.

Sent from my iPhone

DE
## Daniel Eineving
 |
2016-02-22
Hi!
We sent Arne this mail yesterday, is there something more we should do?
/Daniel
On 21 Feb 2016 18:45, Daniel Eineving <daniel@eineving.se> wrote:
Hej Arne!

Min grupp skulle gärna vilja boka in en en så tidig tid som möjligt för halvtidsredovisning, gärna 10:45 eller 11:30. Session 2 skulle annars fungera bra för oss också. Vårt gruppnummer är 48 och vår handledare är Prasad.

Med vänlig hälsning
Daniel Eineving

# Half-time presentations of the Bachelor project.


## K V S Prasad <prasad@chalmers.se>
   Svara alla|
2016-02-22
Arne Linde <arne@chalmers.se>;
Daniel Eineving;
Jonathan Skårstedt <jonathan.skarstedt@gmail.com> 
Inkorg

Hi Arne,

Thanks for the reminder!

My two groups will see me tomorrow, and tell me what they will present.  I suggest they don’t wait till tomorrow, but contact you today (with cc: to me) to book a time to present, unless they are really unsure they have enough material.  In that case, you might hear from me tomorrow afternoon.

Mvh
Prasad



On 22/Feb/16 09:14, "Arne Linde" <arne@chalmers.se> wrote:

>Hej,
>At the 1st of Mars (Tuesday) is the time for half-time presentations of the Bachelor project.
>
>The presentations will take place in 3 sessions in 2-3 halls.
>
>The times of the respective sessions are 10-12, 13-15 and 15-17.
>
>I schedule the times slots when I get respond from you.
>(I will do the final schedule tomorrow)
>
>If it don´t matter or that you can’t participate at all, you don´t answer.
>
>
>/Arne Linde
>
>
>-- 
>Meddelandet är skickat från aktiviteten DATX02 DIT560 Kandidatarbete, Data och Informationsteknik, VT16.