# Meeting YYMMDD

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information



### Planning report
Information on the planning report from the lecture this week.

#### Contents
1. Preliminary Title
2. Background
  * Motivate the purpose of the report.
  * What is the source of the problem?
  * Why is it interesting and/or relevant?
  * Usually ~1 page or less.
  * Discussion on Effect goals
3. Purpose
  * Specify the result and the type of result.
  * Present Project Goals and important milestones.
4. Problem Description
  * Analyze what issues and questions that will be covered in the report.
  * Identify the different parts of the problem. Motivation of milestones.
5. Limitations & Scope
  * Scope of project and motivation for inclusions/exclusions.
  * Could be a part of the problem description.
  * Limits of project goals. 
6. Method
  * Different parts of the project will need separate method sections, ie. separate methods for simulation and AI etc.
  * Usually based on method-literature. IE. how to find results in our area.
  * Updated frequently throughout the project.
  * Be specific! In order to get specific feedback.
  * Focus on the relevant things.  
7. Schedule / Time plan.
  * What to do and when to do it.
  * High resolution/detail a few weeks ahead, less details further ahead.
  * Work in iterations and update the time-plan so that it stays relevant.
  * Don't be too abstract.
  * If we know what to do, don't plan too much, DO.
  * If we are not sure about what to do, or how to do it - PLAN.
  * IE. focus on planning the areas where we aren't certain of.


## Agenda

## Todo
