# Meeting 160122

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson
---
## General information
...

---
## Agenda
### 1. Group contract
A group contract was created where group rules are stated. Topics such as Meeting
discipline, how to resolve conflicts, group ambitions and punishments for breaking rules
are covered. The contract is found in ``documentation/group_contract.md``.

### 2. Goals & Milestones

#### Project goals
* The car can drive.
* The car can drive well.

#### Effect goals
* To learn about AI & Machine Learning.
* Find out how suitable different strategies are for driving vehicles.

#### Project milestones
* What milestones should we use? It must be possible to measure and verify progress.
* What external party should check if we have reached our milestones?
    * Gabriel thinks it is a very good idea to find someone.
    * Several teachers at the IT-department were discussed.

### 3. Scrum board
We decided to skip a scrum/issue-board for the time being since they usually require
maintenance.

### 4. Research progress.
* Gabriel has found nice resources on racing theory.
* Discussion regarding Evolving Neural Networks
    * What to use as a fitness/goal function?
        * Distance
        * Distance & times
        * Track progress over time. Optimizing speed locally might not be optimal. For instance in tight corners.
    * How to represent input data?
        * Should probably be small but still include the relevant information.
        * What information is relevant to the driver?
---
## Todo

### 1. Add the remaining information to the web-page. (Simon)

* Contact information.
* Project diary (Weekly progress)
* Meeting protocols with Prasad
* Meeting protocols from ordinary meetings
* Mails sent to Prasad
* Links to Code/Repo, Report, Everything else
* Project proposal

````
Contact info:
Gabriel Alpsten | galpsten@gmail.com                | 0727271649
Daniel Eineving | daniel@eineving.se                | 0768455574
Martin Nilsson  | martin.lennart.nilsson@gmail.com  | 0723040021
Simon Petersson | peterssonaren@gmail.com           | 0767875530
````
### 2. Setup ShareLatex & sync with github so that we can start writing. (Martin)
...
### 3. Get started with planning report
* Deadline at the end of January.

### 4. Continue with Research
* Find suitable techniques.

### 5. Evaluate programming languages/tools.
* Check if we can get c++ working in a nice way. (Martin & Simon)
* Meditate over what language we want to use.
