# Meeting 160219

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information
Grid in data (Gabriel)
Gabriel has implemented the track sampling but haven't tested it properly yet. 
The track overlapping test causes some performance issues, and should be improved.

## Agenda

### 1. Evaluation

* How are we feeling?
Everyone are feeling quite content, we are making steady progress. Daniel said that he
thought he interrupted people too much and is trying to it less. 

* Process around documentation?
We need to work more on the documentation in general. We need to write more in the
project diary, especially in the personal sections. We also need to do more research
and summarise it better so that the whole group can take part of the information.

* Roles so far?
Everybody thinks the roles work fine. Daniel does not think the role as project leader
is too challenging or time consuming. Simon could take on more responsibilities. The
project leader should follow up tasks more, which will require more specific tasks
with clear deadlines etc. These tasks should also include research and documentation. 

* Fika
Everybody seems to be content with the system, nobody dares to say otherwise.

### 2. Half time presentation
Martin & Daniel will start working on the presentation, draft ready until the meeting with Prasad.

### 3. Architecture
Gabriel had an idea regarding the architecture of the system: We have an interface for the AI within the simulation. We could also factor out the data collection to a callback function. We can also generalise the higher levels of the program. 

## Todo
Training algorithm
 - Need to come up with how to do it first
 - Fitness function. Something else than result from simulation?
 - Sources
   a) MarI/O source code (Martin)
   b) Reinforcement learning, Shimon ... (Daniel)
   c) Optimise weights, find source (Gabriel)
   d) 
   
### Everyone
* Optimise the track intersection/overlapping function.

#### Simon
* Book rooms
#### Daniel 
* Continue working on evolving network design and test.

