# Meeting 160417

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information

Status for everybody? Tasks in progress?
### Gabriel
Feel like a have chaos much to say
Want to plan things to do (have talked about it already)
Want to explain the new design of experiments
Want to explain a thought concerning track design

## Agenda


### Planning suggestion (Gabriel)
Some things to do, possibly most of it this week, depending on other work load
 - Concerning training with more time, do we need to build something?
 - Test a single curve and few curve track. If this do not work, we really need to understand why!
   - Variation of curves
   - Variation of track width (to focus testing on steering and braking)
 - Modular network paper seems interesting and a low hanging fruit:
   - Combine fitness from several different simulations / alternate between simulations
   - Simple with the new refactoring I will mention later
   - Have not read the paper myself, Martin, what do you think?
   - Will we need to analyse network characteristics too? Next week?
Requires presentation of the following sections by Gabriel.

 - Other tasks?
   

### Refactor / Design of experiments (Gabriel)
Notes:
ExperimentWindow (whiteboard, draw to the left)
 - Resposibility: Handle visualisation previously made by CurveDataExperiment
 - Previously: light weight SimulationState.
 - Creates a window, implements a state
 - Operations: creation (takes a simulator), updateNetwork()
 - Thread safe

NeatTrainer (right)
 - As before
 - Resposibility: Algorithm
 - Require a network evaluator, NeatEvaluator (draw too)

SimulationEvaluator (lower middle)
 - Resposibility: Setup & run simulation
   - track
   - car
   - give result: default fitness / SimulationResult
 - Resposibility: Setup ai, define input/(output) processing
   - Everything we implement
   - Enable/disable with flags
 -
 - Parameters, input struct.
 - Counts inputs (and outputs)
 - Can copy itself. Usage: Create one, then call make_factory()
 - Fit with NeatTrainer as it is, implements NeatEvaluator

Using SimulationEvaluator
 - Do a new implementation of NeatEvaluator
 - Example: Use SimEvaluators, but with different fitness function
 - Example: Use multiple SimEvaluators for the same evaluation. 
   - Parameter structs reusable
 - Example: Alternate between different SimEvaluators

### Thought on track design and experiments (Gabriel)
Categorise curves by behaviour:

Examples of single right turns
- Medium speed, outer: 90 degree turn that require slight braking and a positioning far to the left
- Low speed, outer: Hairpin
- High speed, outer: Kink in a straight that do not require the driver to brake at all
- High/medium speed, inner: a slow turning curve, where one can drive the shortest path at maximum speed.

Examples of right-left curves
- Medium speed, outer for both turns: Two rather separated curves that essentially is to single curves
- Medium speed, outer for the first, middle for the second: Two close curves

Questions, further study: How helpful is this? Does it work in micro scale?

### Summary tasks
- Long time testing features?
- Well designed short testing tracks
- Variants of output implemented in SimulationEvaluator?
- Experiments with single SimEvaluator
- Experiments with multiple SimEvaluators

- other?
