# Meeting 160503

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson
* Niklas Broberg

## General information


## Agenda

### What we want
* Is this structure/format working?
 - List experiments in methods and results
 - Combine result and discussion
* Overall purpose and project
* Personal opinions
Language issues are not as relevant in the current stage.

When we meet, we also would like to discuss the project as a whole, if you have any suggestions on what to focus on.



### Report nameName
Content:
### Area:
- Machine learning
- Learning
- Reinforcement learning
- Neuroevolution
- NEAT

### Domain:
- Racing
- Formula1
- Track
- Driver
- Behaviour
- Complex Behaviour

### Goal:
- Optimising
- Optimal

### How:
- Examine
- Finding
- Discussing
- Experiment(ing)

Suggestions:
* Experimenting with neuroevolution in the domain of racing behaviour
* Finding optimal racelines by Neuroevolution
* Qualification/Formula1 lap optimisation by reinforcement learning/neuroevolution
* Teaching an AI to race Formula1
* Using machine learning to teach a virtual racing driver


## Respons Broberg
* We need to discuss why we need this algorithm in particular?
* There is also no feeling for the reader where "we" are headed. Why are they explaining these areas?
* In Theoretical Framework we need to discuss why we chose this specific area. If we discuss it later, it feels more like a conclusion
* Broberg wants more of the chosen algorithm early in the report. More specifically in the limitation section.
* Missing in theoretical framework is the "Röda tråden" (Why am I reading what im reading?)
    * Theoretical framework -> in the part intro, say what you gonna say and why right away
* In digital simulation, discuss more what the purpose of the section is. Is these problems specific for our simulation or machine learning? Or simulation in general? Explain why we are explaining everything.
* Mention what parts supervised learning, unsupervised are good for. And why we don't mention it.
* We should not put a lot of focus on the explaining of the experiments. Instead simply mention the different experiments and discuss/analyse them in result/discussion.
* Gabriels questions in general discussions are very good! Keep answering those questions!
* It does not exist a theoretical optimal behaviour(?), but a set of aspects that we validate. Make this clear in the report!
